Ladies and gentlemen, Good morning.
now I felt the one's firmness
I was there new york's it's manhattan
shirt become a superstar in the
broadway working in the market
It was all beautiful, but I
I felt that something was missing
talking but how can I be?
here performing my dream and test
feeling here is something missing
But in my life I'm going to take a
according to anyone doing something I do not
love doing something that did not brighten us up
horny eyes
my phone rang was my friend beyond
and he said yes, I have the pleasure
I'm calling you to ask you to do it.
a test and I thought blog hollywood would not
is
but then I spoke clear law in what she
said it's for the clown job in a
hospital
hello and you, there, there, I do not give it to you anymore
Well, I have here news deleted on
shirt and become a superstar in the test
and you come to invite me to take the test
to be a father so the hospital you do not
are you understanding
then she said is true I am not even
I thought you were a face of mind.
opened a guy who was going to see
Judge after our law sorry was bad
Sorry, my arrogance, let's go there.
Let's meet your work and then
He told me we'll be three
bedrooms
the first is the insurance the wave you
note the second we go halfway and
and it shows that you know what you
prepared beauty first room was
amazing second room and I started to
get the hang of it on the third
the room we entered into orthopedics is a
that she had plaster here so
in the thigh so far in the chest and looked
bicycle hoops coming out of the body of this
kid
I remember that the word akelas tiné e
I asked him
from the regional broadcast in this is the
original broadway cast making a
pun and then we end
We were leaving. I was playing.
back he told writer spoke as
I 'm not feeling much lighter.
now thank you very much
I did not know that with the art of people
this could happen you could play
an audience of 1 and acts as an audience
play forever in a way
sweeping
Wow, I'm discovering a creature.
new the clown
the most enterprising artist who has
My sister called me and she said her father had
a stroke and he is very badly medicated
He said it is better you come to
say goodbye to him and he will not and portel
last
and when I got to uti I expected
that my father was dying but my father was
completely euphoric my son
centered his clown things
while I was traveling my father was
touting me of incor of uti for
pediatrics
I looked up and I spoke as follows
I do not have the slightest desire is here
but I will, I'll do my best
I work if I have any credit for
that
play on my father's account combined and
going out for a day's work when I
I arrive on my father's bed.
he is sitting on the bed with a can of
soda in hand have the stings in the other
talking and how did it go?
I never thought to see you there.
express service on that side and I
I said only one way to thank the
life for this opportunity and the way it is
setting up a similar program here in the
Brazil
at that time when one thought of
social work what I heard
I'd rather give a sack of food for a
family that is hungry than this
story of joy and I was keeping myself
of all forms with small
partnerships and everything else did not arrive
with three years of work that the
people had questions to answer
I remember at the meeting that people
did the business I came in
the wonderful dismay not so much that I
I had already said that there is no
Just did not see who just wants to know.
then we already knew that I was going to take another
He said no, nothing, I just wanted
to know if I can take my soon after
six months if I see that you took
just right
I said no, it's okay, I can take your
So the advantage then to do is just have
sure, it's ok, let's try it
it's not anything we talk
that's us for five years together and today
Here 's what I have to wish for.
You are all of you in your
trajectory one do not be afraid to dare
to fall prey to miss mainly
all of you can have a moment in the
life where you know that you are a
of 180 million that you are the virus that
You're the guy and because of the face.
and your willingness to give
face to face a good thing is going to happen
and I wanted to do a little of my
past of musical theater for you to
understand
rio de janeiro
william